# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
beartype==0.17.2
    # via picsellia
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via picsellia
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.55.0
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.36.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.68.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.12.1
    # via
    #   keras-applications
    #   tensorflow
idna==3.10
    # via requests
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
keras==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-applications==1.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.7
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via pycocotools
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   keras-applications
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   pycocotools
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via tensorflow
orjson==3.10.12
    # via picsellia
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorflow
picsellia==6.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
picsellia-annotations==0.6.0
    # via picsellia
picsellia-connexion-services==0.2.1
    # via picsellia
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   picsellia
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycocotools==2.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==1.10.19
    # via
    #   picsellia
    #   picsellia-annotations
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via matplotlib
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via picsellia
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   picsellia
    #   picsellia-connexion-services
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.14.1
    # via scikit-learn
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
tdqm==0.0.1
    # via picsellia
tensorboard==2.10.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.37.1
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via tdqm
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   tensorflow
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via tensorflow
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via picsellia-annotations
